welcome to the Yahowah blog I'm your host
craig wynn we're back in the library
studio and we're going to continue our
series called return to the garden and we
have delineated why Yahowah spoke of the
opportunity to be restored with ashes at
his summation of the
experience in Eden.
After Adam and Chawah and Ha-Satan had been
expelled from the garden,
we heard him say that, you know,
the option was that you were either going
to return to the dust of the earth,
which means that your body and soul will
just dissipate to nothing,
or there was the opportunity to be
restored based upon the ashes.
And since afar was used in that context,
it made sense for us to turn to
the passage in the Torah that explains how
that's possible, which is Numbers five.
And in Bamidbar five,
we have the story of how.
the religiosity of the chosen people of
Israel becomes so egregious that God has
to divorce Israel.
And that divorce decree, of course,
is presented in the book of Howsha.
And to be Torah compliant,
God can't go back and marry the,
even though it's symbolic,
Israel after the divorce,
but his beloved son can.
And so Dowd is symbolically being wed to
Yisrael when he returns on Yom Kipurym
once Yisrael is purged of her religious
guilt.
And that is the purpose of the ash
mixed with water of the Adamah Parah.
So that is what we're talking about here.
I think you can see that we have
an attentive Wookie who is trying to pay
attention as we proceed.
All right.
So now that we understand that the
opportunity and really the ultimate result
is to be restored by the ash and
the water that is presented in numbers
five,
then
We have to go forward in the Torah
to Numbers and then ultimately Numbers .
You see,
in Numbers there's a long discussion about
how the children of Israel,
who are now literally children because
everyone over the age of twenty has been
eliminated from contention to enter the
Promised Land because of their attitude
during the
the exercise of the spies.
And God goes into considerable lengths to
say that ultimately Israel will be
destroyed by a ram, a bull,
and a goat.
And that in the end, during Taruwah,
it's going to be the bull who will
purge the
mortal remnant of Yisrael,
those who are guilty of religious
malfeasance but through omission rather
than commission,
and that will enable them to return to
the ram who is the suitor, the groom,
if you will, of Numbers five.
And then in Numbers XIX,
we have the story of the Adam of
Parah.
And what's so interesting about this is
that the Adam of Parah,
this bloody red man of the earth who
is a productive bull,
is responsible for...
purging Yisrael of her religious guilt.
And when you recognize what comes next,
which is Numbers which is the most horrid
story in the Torah,
it's about the meltdown of the waters of
Meribah.
What we find is that when you're dealing
with the adulterous woman of Numbers it is
this
very guilt that is still staining the
souls of the Israelites to this very day
that is purged by the water and the
ash of the test for purification that is
presented in the fifth chapter of numbers
so all of these things mesh together so
we're looking
forward to having a more complete and
contextual picture of how God intends to
resolve the problem of His people's
continued in bitterness.
So even before we return to the Torah
and we examine what is stated in Numbers
and Numbers .
I think we are best served to ponder
the prophetic implications of Yasha'yah,
so that we know the identity and the
timing of this profoundly important purge.
And unless you know who is being invited,
when it's going to occur,
where it's going to transpire,
it's really tough to capitalize upon it.
So I want to venture in to Yasha'yah,
Isaiah,
and the seventeenth chapter so that we
gain an appreciation of this.
And while this will transpire on Taruwah
during the Shabbat of the twenty-third and
the twenty-fourth of September in year six
thousand YAH,
which is less than eight years from now,
be advised that Shabuwah will be the last
opportunity to leave this planet before it
quite literally spins out of control in
anti-Semitic rage.
A great deal is going to occur following
Shabuwah.
particularly in May,
the twenty second of twenty twenty six,
which is when I think we will witness
the forfeiture of the very heart of
Israel,
where Donald Trump and the United States
will be the great betrayer and reward the
Muslims with a state carved out of the
very center of Israel.
It's going to be almost identical
to what Neville Chamberlain did to appease
the Nazis and giving them a high ground
of Czechoslovakia right before the start
of World War Two.
And then on June eleventh of twenty,
twenty seventh, also a Shabbat.
That is when the harvest of Shibbol will
take place.
And so we have a lot that we
can ponder here relative to what's going
to occur.
We also know that even following that,
it's gonna be the fourteenth of Abib,
April eighteenth in twenty-thirty,
when the two witnesses arrive to confront
the Torah-less one and encourage Yahuwdym
to participate in that final Lakot,
that gleaning,
during the final celebration of Taruwah
before our King's return,
the twenty-fourth now of September of
twenty-thirty-three.
planet of course between now and then is
going to falter and billions are going to
die it's going to be a horrid period
over the next seven years and nine months
so as we contemplate what Yahowah reveals
you'll find our we'll find our place in
time we have witnessed much of what is
presented in these verses uh through one
um you know we we know that
What's going to transpire over this
period,
we realize that there is going to be
an influx of jihadi Muslims and faux
Palestinians ransacking Israel.
As a result,
the conception of this terrorist state
carved out of the heart of Israel is
now imminent.
The harvest of standing grain of Shabuwah
and of the Zarowa is imminent.
you know,
approaching and we're responsible now for
cultivating it.
So let's turn to Isaiah.
It begins a prophetic pronouncement and
timely declaration regarding the
tremendous burden
of Damascus, which means weeping.
Behold, Damascus, weeping, is revolting,
it's diseased, it's degenerate,
and will come and go by force as
it is changed without consent,
then abandoned as the residents depart
from the forsaken city.
Then there will be a twisted and tangled
heap of destruction and fallen rubble.
Yasha'yah, seventeen one.
The verb Massa is equally at home
describing a burden,
declaring a prophetic statement,
which is why I included both thoughts and
what I have just shared with you.
Darmesheq,
which is how it's written in the great
Isaiah scroll,
is the name of the Syrian capital.
It also speaks of crying, of weeping,
of crying.
whaling.
It is relevant because both will come to
an end over the next few years.
As a verb, sure,
is one of those that's important to us.
It means to come and go,
to turn away from something and leave,
thereby departing.
As an adjective,
sur conveys degenerate and unrestrained.
In this statement,
it is shaped by the very rare hopeful
participle,
making it both a verb and a noun,
which is subject to internal forces that
it cannot resist.
suggesting that an armed and violent
insurrection by Syrians against Syrians is
in the offing.
And isn't that what we have just
witnessed?
The result will be a twisted and tangled
heap of destruction and collapsed rubble.
And in this regard,
Mafala is from the fall,
which reminds us not only of the fall
of man,
but also the elimination of the Nephilim
during the flood because they became,
in God's terminology, Hamas.
which means cruel and violent terrorists.
Well,
now that the US has created the Islamic
State out of the awakening program in Iraq
and given it control over Damascus by way
of the CIA and providing arms to it,
and they have captured much of Syria,
this prophecy is not only well underway,
the conclusion is now inevitable.
Within the next year,
Islamic jihadists will rally in Damascus
as Israel bombs the remainder of the city
into rubble,
causing the remaining Muslims to leave and
to march on Jerusalem.
The same thing and the same succession of
events, if you will,
is underway and still continuing in
Jordan, where the Aurora,
the repudiated outcasts and the repugnant
refugees that are pretending to be Muslims
currently infest the Arnon Valley.
The text of the prophecy reads,
the inhabited and terrorized populations
and anguished inhabitants of cities filled
with disgusting religious temples and
shrines as well as wrathful donkeys will
be abandoned and deserted,
rejected and damned of Aurora,
of the repudiated outcasts,
these repugnant refugees of the Arnon
Valley and Amon Jordan.
For there will be roaming animals fighting
in militant militias along with their
helpers,
but they will cease and prostrate
themselves because there will be no one
left for them to terrorize.
Yasha'yah Isaiah, seventeen two.
Now, Ir,
which was rendered in the plural form,
encouraging us to consider its many
possibilities,
is often translated as cities,
and it speaks of inhabitants of populated
places.
But more than this,
Ir also addresses anguishing anxiety and
terrorism emanating from religious
shrines.
It can also depict the disposition of a
jackass.
Arar is the Arnon Valley in Jordan.
It means stripped and destitute as a
repudiated outcast and thus a refugee.
Its verbal root is arar, meaning to strip,
to lay bare, and to break.
It is an apt depiction of the Muslims
claiming to be refugees in the shadow of
Arman.
The verb Azab carries a host of negative
connotations,
as most who have read the books of
the Yada Yahowah series are well aware.
There's even one that is entitled Azab.
It means to be abandoned, deserted,
and forsaken, even rejected.
It can also speak of being left behind.
This is interesting because it means that
the malcontent Muslim Pakistanis living
there will either abandon their refugee
camps to join the great jihad against
Israel,
or they will be rejected and deserted by
other Muslims,
noting that the so-called Palestinians are
despised amongst other Muslims.
They just like it when they attack Jews,
otherwise they hate them.
And I suspect that some of both of
these things are going to occur.
As for Adar,
it reveals that these rejects and
malcontents will be found lacking.
and that they will ultimately fail.
The verbal root affirms that they will
consider themselves to be militants and
helpers,
which is especially relevant to those of
us who know the history of Islam,
where the helpers were second-class Muslim
militants from Yathrib.
today's Medina,
who were often shortchanged when
terrorizing Muhammad's rivals.
It's a huge part of Islam to speak
of the immigrants from Kabbalah and the
helpers who were the pagan converts in
Yathrib.
Now,
affirming the attempt of this association,
the Islamic terrorists will, robots,
prostrate themselves in service to Satan.
And even more telling,
following Allah's Quranic orders,
they will terrorize everyone,
including Muslims,
fighting until there is no one left to
kill.
Muslims are even better at killing Muslims
than they are non-Muslims.
Prophecy continues.
Then the fortifications and defensive
structure will cease on the Shabbat,
concluding as a result of Ephraim,
which is Israel,
along with the government out of Damascus,
including the residue left of Aram, Syria.
Consistent even with the manifestation of
power and overall significance of the
children of Yisrael, of Israel.
He, by desire and choice,
will actually continue to exist,
prophetically declares Yahowah the vast
array of spiritual messengers.
Yasha'yah, Isaiah, verse three.
So the more we consider these words,
the more it appears that Israel will see
trouble in the offing and will seek to
nip it in the bud,
consistent with the preemptive strikes
prior to the Six-Day War in nineteen sixty
seven.
And then again, in the recent bombings,
both of Hezbollah in Lebanon and of the
fundamentalist Muslims of the Shiite
variety in Iran.
The most decisive expression of the
Israeli might could occur on a Shabbat,
such that the governing structures of the
Syrian regime fall yet again.
I have seen news reels out of Damascus
in the last few days that show Muslim
jihadists of the Islamic State taking to
the streets,
shouting with their weapons held in the
air that their intent is to march into
Jerusalem and slaughter Jews.
And then today we have Jolani saying,
looking at drones that he has acquired
from other Muslim nations,
perhaps NATO in the United States,
perhaps Turkey,
and how he plans to coordinate all aspects
of the Islamic militias in Syria against,
of course, their only enemy,
which would be Israel.
So we're witnessing this prophecy unfold.
So the Syrian Civil War,
as managed by the United States CIA,
began in the spring of twenty eleven.
Eventually,
it led to Islamic State terrorists,
also sponsored by the United States and
Turkey,
overthrowing the Russian and Iranian
sponsored Baathist regime of Bashar
al-Assad.
It fell as the prophecy portends in
December of twenty twenty four.
And as we have seen,
things have only gotten worse from there.
Regime change never works.
Based upon this narrative,
I'm expecting that the populated areas in
and around Damascus will continue to be
destroyed as Muslims vie with rival gangs
for power.
And while we have witnessed a horrific
invasion of so-called Palestinians from
Gaza into Israel under the context of
Al-Asqa Flood, in the next assault,
Al-Asqa II.O,
malcontent Muslims will also come through
Syria, from Turkey as well,
and they will flood in from Jordan and
Egypt.
Dwarfing the scale of Alaska flood as it
transpired on October seven of twenty
twenty three.
And in the midst of this great desolation,
the world will compel Israel to sacrifice
land for unfulfilled promises of peace,
making the tiny nation surrounded by
religious adversaries indefensible.
And this is the event that begins the
time of troubles,
a seven-year ordeal that culminates in
year six thousand,
which is twenty thirty three.
Now,
since it is likely that Syrian jihadists
will join Muslim militants from other
nations in
pursuit of Alaska Flood,
it is unlikely that Israel will decapitate
the Islamic State at this time.
So this could be Yasha'yah reporting the
triggering event for the imposition of the
Islamic State carved out of the heartland
of Israel.
While the obliteration of Gaza in response
to Alaska Flood,
pushed the world toward this recognition
of a two-state dissolution of Israel,
a preemptive strike against the Islamic
State in Syria,
which the West has embraced and which has
become the pet of Donald Trump,
may be the catalyst
for the final betrayal of God's people.
Matter of fact,
Donald Trump has specifically threatened
Israel and told Israel,
don't you dare attack Syria because he
thinks Jolani is handsome.
I think he's got a crush on a
man.
Another way to view this harbinger of
tomorrow is to see it as a telescoping
of time with the events transpiring during
the seven years of the time of Israel's
troubles as they all come together.
So if this is the case,
the prophet is explaining that on Taruwah
in year six thousand YAH,
twenty thirty three,
all of Israel's foes will be eliminated
while the sacrifice of the Adam of Parah
restores the final remnant of Yisrael.
Perhaps both implications were intended.
with Yahowah layering insights upon
observations.
Now in this regard,
it would be natural from Isaiah's point of
view to want us to know that even
in Israel's darkest hour,
and this will be its bleakest moment in
its entire history,
even as the nation is being attacked and
torn apart,
There will be modest victories along the
way.
And more importantly,
the story concludes with Israel's
survival.
And when that occurs,
it will not be the result of the
might of the nation,
but instead through the sacrifice of the
Parra, this productive bull whose heffer,
ashes, will afar, cover,
and protect God's people.
Now,
should you think that this may be a
reach,
consider the fact that Ephraim is the
plural of afar,
of Eper in conjunction with Parra.
Eper is a covering akin to a bandage.
Eper reveals that the wound is finally
going to be protected and allowed to heal
because the malady has been concealed
in the ashes.
Parra explains that the treatment will be
provided by a productive bull.
Then in the plural,
this would signify a double dose,
which means that this bull and his ashes
are doubly protective and productive in
promoting Israel's healing.
So while Ephraim is typically considered
the Northern Kingdom of Israel,
representing the ten tribes which were
hauled into oblivion by the Assyrians,
two thousand seven hundred plus years ago,
this prophecy foretells that God's people
will be reconstituted,
which of course happened in nineteen forty
eight, and then healed,
which will occur in twenty thirty three.
And with hayah, scribed,
the verb to exist, it will be,
and they call imperfect, jussive,
and Israel's continued existence will be
predicated upon decisions Yahuwd and
Ephraim make regarding the sacrifice of
the Adam of Perah.
Particularly telling in this regard,
this statement was delivered in Yahowah's
voice through Yasha'yah, with God, Naom,
prophetically declaring this pronouncement
for our benefit.
With this preamble that reads like a blend
of future history and today's headlines,
we are confronted with a prophecy that
follows that most don't even know how to
process.
You see, Yahowah foretold,
two thousand seven hundred years ago,
that Israel would be diminished in size
and that this would occur as a result
of the events that transpire in Syria and
the rise of terrorism in and around
Damascus at this time.
The text reads,
and it will actually transpire.
at this moment, in that day,
that the size and the significance,
the power and prestige of Ya'aqob,
which is Israel,
will be decreased to the point of no
longer being sustainable or viable,
thus indefensible.
The fattest, best protected,
and most important place at the midsection
of his physical existence will be leaned
and shrink, weakened,
and wastefully impoverished,
even participating in his own destruction.
Hmm.
Yasha'yah Isaiah, verse four.
So as a result of what we have
read
and considered leading up to this
pronouncement.
With the undoing of Syria,
the unrest in Jordan,
and the preemptive strike against the
rising tide of Islamic jihadists in
Damascus,
Israel is going to suffer a devastating
blow.
The resulting formation of a legitimized
terrorist entity
will significantly diminish the nation's
size and standing.
With the assignment of a Islamic state
carved out of Israel's heart,
the Jewish nation will no longer be
viable.
This surrender of Israel and their land is
addressing what's called the two-state
solution.
It's a capitulation that rewards the
Muslims seeking to exterminate Jews,
doing so with an Islamic entity that is
carved out of the land that God gave
his people.
The result will thin Israel at the waist
where seventy percent of Israelis
currently reside.
The nation is going to become
indefensible.
Opening the floodgate for al-Asqa,
two point O.
a one thousand times,
one thousand times more horrendous
repetition of Muhammad's raid on the
Jewish farming community of Kabar that
transpired fourteen hundred years ago.
And as will be equally a thousand times
worse than Shinwar's assault on the
Israeli Kibbutzim.
on October seventh of twenty twenty three.
I'm sorry.
But the prophets have foretold that two
out of every three Jews are going to
die.
This is going to be worse than the
Holocaust.
It's not God's doing.
It's Israel's undoing.
Rabbis created Islam.
Had they not sold Talmud readings to
Muhammad,
Islam would not exist to this day.
Rabbis are unwilling to fight for the
survival of Israel against the monster
that they have made.
Israel is a house divided with Marxists
who around the world are anti-Semitic and
despise Israel, wanting to destroy,
eradicate the Jewish state.
And even those that might be in the
middle are lost because they're fighting a
war against Hamas or Hezbollah or the
Revolutionary Guards or the Islamic State,
but never just against Islam, never.
It was Islam that killed Jews.
fourteen hundred years ago with Muhammad's
raid on Khabar and it was Islam again
that launched Alaska flood.
And it will be Islam that launches the
great Jihad.
And because Israel is fighting a symptom
as opposed to the actual foe,
using bullets and bombs as opposed to
words and has not returned to Yahowah.
It's going to be devastating.
The good news is it's going to be
sufficiently horrible that there will be a
significant number of Jews who will
finally realize they can't trust the IDF.
They most certainly can't trust their
politicians.
Absolutely cannot trust their rabbis.
And with the IDF politicians and the
rabbis sidelined and death lurking around
every corner,
Some are going to return to Yahuwah.
And that will be this very Taruwah harvest
that we have been addressing.
Now the most troubling aspect of the
foregoing is the nifl stem and the
imperfect conjugation when it modifies
raza.
Because it means that the Bashar,
this embodiment of Israel,
will not only contribute to its own
demise,
but that it has been and will continue
to act suicidally.
Yeah,
you don't want to have the niffle stem
shape the meaning of a verb that is
applied to you and that is devastating.
because it means that you are
participating in your own demise.
When you participate in your own death,
that's suicide.
Yep,
that is because the nipple stem conveys
the idea that the subject here,
which is the Bashar representing Yaakov,
therefore Israel, the nation of Israel.
will both carry out and receive the
consequence of being reduced in size and
destroyed.
In this regard,
Israel's demolition of Gaza and recompense
for the Islamic savagery on October
seventh has proven counterproductive with
the entire world turning against the
Jewish state.
But of course,
it's worse than that because Israel
Having turned the world against it is now
a vassal of Donald J. Trump.
And Trump is the person Christians know as
the Antichrist.
He is the corporeal manifestation of Satan
that's presented throughout the prophets.
And he's the great betrayer of Israel.
And they have entered into a love affair
with the very man who's going to rip
them to shreds.
Israel is indeed participating in their
own demise.
There is another potential layer to this
pronouncement because it is the Bashar,
the physical body of the human herald
that's going to be bludgeoned on Taruwah to
spare the remnant of Yisrael that's going
to be the thing that finally resolves this
crisis.
And while his sacrifice will not be
wasted,
he will choose his fate knowing that he,
as the Adamah Parah, will be emaciated.
Now, as we move into this next statement,
Hayah will occur,
was scribed in the third person masculine
singular,
call stem and perfect conjugation,
not once, but twice.
This can convey, it will be, with it,
representing the aforementioned thinned
Bashar body of Yaakov,
or the upcoming Qatsyr, who is the reaper,
as a thing or as a person,
both of which are masculine and singular.
The other option is to render Hayah as
he will be, with he belonging to Yaakov,
therefore Israel,
and the Bashar as the herald,
or the cat's ear as a title of
the individual who is serving as the
reaper and who is enabling this result.
And with Yahowah there's often and usually
many layers of truth in every statement.
Before we consider the profoundly
important implications of this ongoing
prophecy.
Recognize that Yahowah has scheduled three
harvests.
The first of these is pokorom,
first fruits.
It's a barley harvest.
It occurred on the sixteenth of Abib in
the spring of year four thousand Yah,
thirty-three CE.
Dowd, therefore, our king, savior,
fulfilled it two thousand years ago.
And it was after he had honored the
promise of Pesach serving as the lamb with
his Bashar and his Nefesh Sol carrying our
guilt into Sheowl on Matsah.
Now,
the second harvest of the three is
Shabuwah, which is the promise of seven.
It celebrates an ingathering of standing
and mature grain, and in particular,
varieties of wheat.
In that it is observed fifty days after
un-yeasted bread each year,
the timing is late May or early June.
The final ingathering associated with the
annual Mowedym occurs on the first day of
the seventh month.
which is typically late September.
This brings us to the third and final
harvest, which in this case,
we're told is going to be the gleaning
of the Lakot of Yom Taruwah.
And that is the day of the Herald.
And it begins with this gleaning of olives
and it continues with what will be the
greatest show on earth.
When it is fulfilled less than, well,
just eight years from now,
it's going to feature El-Yah serving as
the master of ceremonies, the best ever.
Satan will ultimately be killing,
bludgeoning the Bashar Herald,
just his body, however,
the Bashar of the Bashar, if you will,
being portrayed as the Adam of Parah,
this bloody red man of the earth who
is a productive bull.
and of Yahowah then releasing a torrent of
waters while igniting the flames around
the sacrifice to prepare the remnant of
Yisrael for the King's return as she is
purged of her guilt as the adulterous
woman in year six thousand YAH,
this transpiring on September,
twenty-fourth, twenty-thirty-three.
By the way, just as an insight,
Over the last few days,
I had mentioned previously that Joe has
created what he likes to call the Yada
Torah Font.
We've created a much more effective way
to convey the intent of the original
pictographic letters that were used to
write the Torah and to inscribe those two
tablets in stone,
where each of the letters depicts
either something that is human related
like an eye, a mouth, teeth,
an arm outstretched with an open hand,
the palm of a hand,
a human head and profile.
A man standing and looking up to God
or things that are important in the lives
of the people like a home,
like a ram, like a plow,
like a fence that can be served as
a form of protection,
as a basket to collect things.
The sun on the horizon as the start
or the conclusion of a day.
He has created what I think is really
an excellent font.
It resolves all of the problems that have
been manifest and the ones that have
currently been available where some
letters are way too small,
some are way too big,
some are way too wide,
some are way too tall,
some are drawn radically differently than
others.
They have hard lines to them,
which wouldn't have been possible with the
quill of the day.
and they don't have the appropriate
spacing between letters,
so they all have a tendency to run
together.
So we've created the Yadda Torah font,
and I think you're going to like it
a lot,
and we'll create a way for you to
be able to download it and use it
going forward.
The other thing is that my wife and
Joe had been asking me to create a
timeline.
And this timeline really of only important
dates from the depiction of creation and
our time in the garden all the way
to Sukkah in the end.
And I completed that about an hour or
so ago.
I think it has a hundred and forty
dates along the way with about twenty five
of those or so,
maybe thirty highlighted as particularly
important.
And they're going to use that
to create a much cleaner,
more effective timeline than we've ever
had before,
but also put some graphics and
illustrations along with it,
photographs with it,
to make it a more revealing kind of
a presentation.
And that is underway as well.
As another program note,
as of yesterday or the day before,
Joe was able to get all of the
books now published,
all of them under the new format with
the
menorah at the top,
and it's a much cleaner cover in his
presentation.
He went through throughout all of these
books and was able to add the book
name,
the volume name and the chapter name on
the on the top,
something I've wanted for a long time.
And he's really cleaned up the
presentation,
having a much more consistent
presentation in terms of the the
formatting of the internal uh books
themselves so that they're all now
available again at amazon in the new
format including the most recent that we
have published uh this being time of
trouble uh and
you know it's pages and outlines
everything that's going to happen between
now and then new art illustrations uh like
here's a new image for the Azab uh
book as uh as well um and really
a redo also of our books on Christianity
twistianity which we're doing a series
downstairs we need to return to our
programs on on goddamn religion, too.
But he's also finished those.
So we now have.
Every book and the
library that has been restated and
restored and rescored, if you will,
into the new format with really very,
very effective covers and overall
presentation.
So that is done, too.
All of the flipbooks have been updated on
the site,
and we are now working to create a
a much more effective double search
mechanisms for the site.
One will search everything on the site,
including the books,
just for just the search function.
You type in a word or a phrase
and it will find every place that is
mentioned,
whether it's in a blog or one of
the books.
And the last is the the tour addresses
so that you can look for
every passage that I have translated
throughout those twenty five thousand
pages and immediately go to it and see
how it was presented and and then even
go to the actual book and the flip
books down below.
And in addition to the flip books now,
for those who preferred the books being
presented in a more
kind of standard online format.
The flipbooks is really much nicer for
your phone and for other things like that.
But he's also created a PDF version of
every one of the books.
And we're about to go into more
interesting things to make the yadayah.com
website even more interesting.
So
I was reminded of that when I said
there are two more potential dates for the
Shabuwah Qatsir that are being presented
here in
Yasha'yah, Isaiah, and of course,
as I have shared,
the first of these is on the twenty
second of May of twenty twenty six.
And if that is when it occurs,
then it would allow for seven years and
four months for the time of Jacob's
troubles to ensue prior to its conclusion.
on Taruwah in and you know i i
think that it's highly likely that the
time of Jacob's troubles begins here i
think it's highly likely that the um that
Israel suffers a Neville chamberlain
moment at the hands of Donald trump and
the united states
tearing out its heart to create a Muslim
state in its midst by that date.
I am hoping, expecting,
since there is a second possibility that
is set within Daniel that points directly
towards the Shabbat of the eleventh of
June in twenty twenty seven.
That is being the other date for this
harvest.
And if that is the case,
it will be six years and three months
between the inception and the conclusion
of the time of troubles,
unless the time of troubles commences with
the Shabbat that is less than six months
from now and that the harvest follows.
One of the reasons for that second
consideration
is that it could well be that the
time of Yaakov's troubles does start seven
years and four months before it concludes,
and that would make it May of .
But that the Alaska Flood,
this great jihad against Israel that's
going to be so deadly for Jews,
and not just in Israel,
the great jihad is going to be perpetrated
around the world.
that because of the ferocity of that,
it could be then that God says,
you know,
there's just no point in putting my
covenant family at risk.
I need to renew and recharge them anyway
for the role that they're going to play,
beginning at the midpoint of the time of
troubles in twenty thirty when
Elia and Yara returned and probably with a
team of supporters.
So this is why both dates are possible
and the justification for both.
And personally,
I happen to prefer the fact that I
can present to you options than I am
when I say this is certain.
And I can tell you that
Taruwah,
the twenty third and twenty fourth of
September in twenty thirty three for the
fulfillment of Taruwah,
October second of of of twenty thirty
three and then the seventh of October.
I assert there's zero wiggle room there
because it's year six thousand.
Yeah.
And it's exactly for the Yowbel from the
dates that Dowd himself gave us for the
fulfillment of Pesach,
Matsah and B'Kurim in year four thousand.
Yeah.
So we.
There are some things where they're just
absolute certainty,
which is never my favorite.
I prefer to provide information to you
such that it requires you to process it
and make what you think is the most
reasoned decision.
This is the most effective way to teach.
It's the most effective way to empower.
It's the most effective way to learn.
It's the most effective way for you to
be effective.
So I prefer...
the possibilities that exist with Shabuwah
greatly over the certainty that exists
with Taruwah, Kipurym and Sukkah.
That might sound strange to you,
but my experience is that we're all better
off if we know where to look for
information and then we are required to
think it through and to make an informed
decision based upon that information.
So as for Taruwah, as I've said,
that date is etched in stone with the
Lakot occurring on Friday evening,
September twenty third and the sacrifice
transpiring the following morning.
Also relevant,
there are three Zarowa because that's
going to come up in the statements in
God's story.
Moshe,
serving as the strong arm of Yahowah,
was deployed to free his people from
slavery and Mitzrayim.
and to bring them to the Promised Land.
Once there,
Dowd would rise and engage to sow the
seeds that we are currently tending
through his Mizmowr and Mashal,
particularly as the king became the
greatest of the Zarowa by fulfilling
Passover as the sacrificial lamb.
And today...
Well,
now it's Yada's turn to serve as that
final Zarowa,
cultivating these harvests so that they
are as productive as possible.
And we don't need a large contingent.
All we need is the kind of people
who are now really dramatically and
actively and productively engaged.
And we have a wonderful support team that
is committed
doing everything it is possible to convey
Yahowah's message in as many places and as
professionally and as boldly as is
possible.
And that team is more than sufficient to
get the job done that Yahowah once carried
out during the
return to the garden where we'll have a
thousand years to work together as a team.
So a tight team of right-minded people is
all we need to get this done.
I'm gonna continue to share all of this
because the more right-minded people,
the better,
but there really is no pressure on us,
not for Shibuya, not for Taruwah,
not for any of this during this process.
So,
All of this is, of course,
foretold to occur as Israel's preemptive
bombardment devastates the defenses of
Syria and buildings crumble in Damascus,
leading to the imposition of an Islamic
state upon Israel to appease those seeking
to exterminate Jews.
Boy, that's hard to convey.
So in the immediate aftermath of the
Israeli action,
the two-state dissolution will make the
Jewish nation smaller and, of course,
indefensible, which is the intent.
Now, Shabuwah is a cat sear.
That means it's a harvest of standing
grain.
It is followed by Taruwah,
which is a Lakot, a gleaning,
seven years later of olives.
The promise of sevens will materialize at
the outset of the time of Israel's
troubles with a shimmering stream of souls
leaving an anguished planet for a joyous
experience in Shamaym,
this occurring on the Shabbats of either
May, or June, .
Then,
as the At-Sarah Ya'aqob comes to a frantic
and horrific close,
as a consequence of the adversary's
manipulations,
A final few will be withdrawn on Taruwah,
Friday evening at sunset, September,
twenty-third,
twenty-thirty-three with yet another
stream of light headed out of harm's way.
Before I return to the text here,
I do want to share something with you.
I am just now finishing a
renewed translation and focus,
really deep dive into what's presented at
Yasha'yah.
I think what I had shared with you
is that I knew that in translating
Yasha'yah,
I'd come across a promise that there would
be a harvest.
And when that in-gathering occurred,
people would vanish.
They would disappear.
And that the world wouldn't understand
where they've gone.
And I knew that was in Yeshayah.
And I was just so frustrated here about
two weeks ago.
I said,
I need to work towards that because I
think I owe it to the covenant family
to assure everyone that when God speaks of
this cat sear and this Lakot,
this harvest of standing grain and this
gleaning of olives,
that he is not talking about the stuff
that you grind to make bread or the
stuff that you...
You crush to make olive oil.
He's talking about souls.
Well, I think that should be obvious.
It's nice when Yahowah makes it even more
obvious.
And when I inquired all manner of search
engines, artificial intelligence,
to tell me where in Isaiah it said
that people are going to disappear and no
one's going to notice or care.
i must have run that inquiry twenty times
using different words and looking at every
possible result nada i couldn't find it so
frustrating and it's so obvious anyway i
uh i just went about rereading all of
the prophetic text and
found it and decided, okay, well,
I'll retranslate it and we'll analyze it
and see,
does that really say what it says?
And I want to assure you,
we will get there because it's important
that you know that this is going to
be a harvest of souls and we are
going to disappear.
All right, now staying in, well,
that was actually in Yasha'yah two.
That's Yasha'yah fifty-seven,
this is Yasha'yah seventeen.
So we're forty chapters in advance of that
affirmation.
So this reads, then he will actually be.
And it will come to exist.
Remember I told you it could be translated
as he if the cat seer is a
title.
or if talking about Yaakov as Israel,
as if Israel is the state.
So it can be it as Israel,
he as if Yaakov is representing Israel,
he as if the cat seer is to
be considered a title for a man.
or just it,
if it is the harvest as a thing.
Those are your choices.
I personally think all apply,
but your option.
Remember,
I like it when there is potential,
for you to be able to make your
own decision based on the information and
decide if you like it being a thing
as in a harvest,
a person as in the Qatsir,
the reaper of that harvest,
a person in the sense of Yaakov
representing Yisrael.
All of those things are possible.
It's a better learning experience.
And I think there's more credibility
associated with the idea of presenting
them all to you and letting you decide
which one or ones you think God intended
to communicate.
So then he will actually be,
and it will come to exist,
that someone who can be compared to the
cat seer, the reaper of the harvest.
will be collecting and assembling the
ingathering and withdrawing while
escorting.
Ashaf, gathering, receiving,
removing and accompanying the harvest
called infinitive.
Remember the participle and the infinitive
are verbal nouns.
So you can render the term as a
title,
thing, a person, or as an action.
So in this case,
Qatsyr is the reaper of the harvest.
And then Asaph,
was written as a, well,
Qatsyr would be a verb and a noun,
and asaf as a call infinitive.
So we have here literally the Qatsyr,
the reaper of the harvest,
is going to be collecting and assembling
the end gathering and withdrawing while
escorting them.
And it's while escorting the kama.
So Yasha'yah has been very clear since the
Torah describes Shabuwah as a harvest of
mature standing wheats.
Kama means standing grain,
and therefore it's the grain that is
established upright on the stock in the
field, fully grown and mature.
It's from kum, to rise, to be empowered,
to persist, to be established,
to fulfill and to confirm.
So that's just the first part of it.
So we've just gone from Israel's gonna be
dissected.
There's going to be a huge hunk right
out of the heart of Israel that thins
the nation at the waist,
that makes the nation indefensible,
which is obviously the quote unquote two
state solution that's going to be imposed.
And that when that is imposed,
it says that he will actually be,
and it will come to exist
this is call perfect third person
masculine singular,
that someone who can be compared to Ka,
the cat's ear, the reaper of the harvest.
will be collecting and assembling the
in-gathering and withdrawing while
escorting the kama, the standing grain.
And I wanna emphasize two things here.
One is that standing grain, kama,
that's grain which is established.
That's grain which is upright.
That's grain which is still on the stock
and still part of the field,
in the field, doing its job.
grown, mature,
and from a verb that means to rise,
to be empowered, to persist,
and be established,
to fulfill and confirm.
This is a marvelous affirmation that we're
right.
That if you're going to participate in the
Shabuwah Qatsyr,
then you better be engaged.
You better be,
as are so many now and part of
the covenant family, helping the Zarowa,
helping the Qatsyr, helping the Bashar,
helping Yada, the final Zarowa,
get this done.
It's clear that these are individuals who
are standing up at this time,
taking a stand at this time,
actually in the field, mature,
responsible, empowered, persisting.
Here to fulfill and confirm.
That's so many of you that this describes.
And I find it so reassuring to see
it here in the handbook for how to
proceed through these harvests.
It was written by Yasha'yah in Yahowah's
voice.
The second thing is selfish for me,
so I'm going to go the other way
here,
because when he talks in this presentation
of the Kama,
which is the standing grain of Shabuwah,
it's
Ashaf,
which means that the reaper himself,
who is collecting and assembling this end
gathering, is going to withdraw with it.
He's going to escort the standing grain.
He's going to gather it in.
He's going to receive it.
He's going to remove it.
And he's going to accompany the harvest.
That is not the case, however,
with the verb that is used to describe
what's going to occur during the Taruwah
Lak'at,
which reminds me of why Yahowah told me
when I was asking what's going to happen
when we leave for the Taruwah harvest,
where he said,
where do you think you're going?
Well,
In this case, I get to go too.
So I guess I'm pleased by the fact
that Asaf indicates that I get to escort
and I get to accompany.
this harvest, and even better,
I guess this is also selfish,
is that now that I've come to know
Team Ya and how much just more enjoyable,
reliable, capable,
honorable Team Ya is than what we lost
in the great mother goddess shakeout.
I'm glad that it's only those of you
who are engaged, who are mature, who are,
and that's really a difference.
We just,
I was talking to Leah this morning and
just say the big difference now is we're
not looking out of our shoulder all the
time.
We're not constantly saying, oh boy,
what's going to happen with there?
Oh, there's another infight there.
Oh, there's
because we had a psychopath that was just
constantly stirring everything up.
And so many people that were susceptible
to this psychopath that were, God,
it was just always this mess.
And you didn't know,
you have to look for every step that
you weren't going to
Create a mess,
so I'm delighted that those I'm gonna be
accompanying of the standing grain, well,
you are established, you're in the field,
you're mature, you're working it,
you're empowered,
you're persisting right to the end.
So we get to hang with our friends,
with our family.
So I've gotta tell you,
as we went back and fine-tuned this
translation,
I just love the first part of it.
Love it, love it, love it.
So then he will actually be and it
will come to exist that someone who can
be compared to the Qatsyr,
the reaper of the harvest,
will be collecting and assembling the
ingathering and withdrawing while
escorting the Kama, the standing grain.
You know, it's interesting, by the way,
just as a side note before I go
to the next part of this.
You know the difference between a barley
harvest and a wheat harvest?
Many of you probably do.
A barley harvest is cut when the barley
is still green and growing in the ear.
So it's before it has become hardened.
And so it's still,
and it can ripen then while it's on
the ground.
So it can be cut very early in
the season and it's a very unique grain
that way.
If you were to cut wheat while it
is still wet and green, it would rot.
And so that's the difference when you're
dealing with come on a wheat harvest,
it's fully mature.
And it's developed some toughness,
you know,
when when you you're no longer subject to
rot and you're not going to be laying
in the field this time.
No, no laying in the field.
This is you're up, you're working,
you're in the field,
you're engaged and you've got some
resilience.
I tell you, some toughness.
And I personally think that is a marvelous
way to describe it.
So I like the metaphor that God used.
Now this continues and it says,
and this Zarowa,
now he's talking about the cat's ear
reaper, isn't he?
And this Zarowa,
the one cultivating the seeds sown for
this harvest to be fruitful and
productive.
He will reap the harvest from the field
with unfolding up implications.
Even as time is cut short during an
anguishing period,
he's going to not Qatsyr this time,
but this is the verb Qatsyr.
So it means with insufficient time,
just barely in the neck of time and
time in short order,
During a highly vexing and troubling
period, he's going to produce the yield,
and he's going to bring in the crop.
This is really challenging working
conditions.
Right up to the last minute.
There is no alternative.
There is no, well, let's reboot.
Nope.
We're right up to the last possible limit,
which is why I kind of like a
November, June time.
And so...
He's going to produce,
he's going to yield and bring in that
crop called imperfect,
which means ongoing implications,
quite literally third person, masculine,
singular.
The Zarowa is a guy.
Now,
what's also interesting here is that
Zarowa is a feminine noun.
But God knows that the Zarowa is a
man.
And so what God is doing is he's
using the title Zarowa because it's so
perfect for the strong arm of God being
Moshe leading the children of Yisrael out
of Mitzrayim and to the promised land.
And then the Torah's definition of Zarowa,
which is the sacrificial lamb and that
being a Dowd as he fulfills Passover.
And then the final Zarowa,
based upon the verbal meaning,
root of Zarowa from Zerah,
cultivating seeds,
sown for a harvest to be fruitful and
productive, being the last of the three.
So God loves the title Zarowa.
It fits all three men in different roles.
But he is not fooled into thinking that
Moshe, Dowd, or I are girls.
And so the verb which follows,
so Zarowa is the subject,
the verb which follows was written third
person masculine singular, which says,
this Zarowa,
the one cultivating the seeds for a
productive harvest,
he will reap the harvest from the field
with unfolding implications,
even as time is cut short
during an anguishing period.
This is something that God does,
by the way,
quite often when addressing His ruach.
Ruach is a feminine noun, meaning spirit.
But when God uses ruach and how He's
going to engage through the ruach,
the verb that follows is always written in
third person masculine singular,
which means that He's using a term which
has the implications He wants to convey,
but it doesn't turn God or any part
of God
into a woman.
So the same thing is true here.
So these are a marvelous term with cat's
ear because it tells us that this harvest
is going to be reaped.
It's going to come from the field.
So we're still engaged.
It's going to have unfolding implications
over time with the imperfect conjugation.
And
It also conveys cat's ear conveys that
time is in short supply and the time
is going to be cut short so that
we need to be focused and get this
job done.
There's no opportunity for a slip up.
We don't get to take a a Sabbath
break.
now with so much on the line and
it happening and coming together so
quickly.
So this is going to happen in short
duration as time grows nigh and the time
according to Qatsyr is anguishing.
So it says time grows short and a
vexing occasion that he is going to
produce the yield and bring in the crop.
for the first fruits flowing as a stream
of grain.
This is Shibbolim.
I think I've shared this before and it
was one of those visual pictures that so
many in the covenant family resonated with
this whole idea of Shibbolim is the plural
of Shibbol which speaks of a
a flowing river, a torrent of floodwaters,
something that moves from one place to
another in linear fashion.
And that it's this case,
it would be a stream of grain.
It can be a stream of fruit or
a stream of grain.
Here it's a first fruits flowing as a
stream of grain moving forthright in a
linear fashion from one place to another.
That would be from earth to heaven.
Pretty neat, huh?
In addition, tell you what,
when you're dealing with Yasha'yah,
one verse can be a book.
This happens to be an example of it.
In addition then,
He will actually be such that it will
come to exist.
Again, we have that opportunity,
it's either it or He.
So He will actually be such that it
will come to exist.
that someone comparable to,
now not a Qatsyr, but a Lakot,
one who gleans the final, smaller,
and more challenging ingathering,
will rapidly remove what remains.
Lakot.
This is a man who takes what is
left after the initial harvest,
even as the yield diminishes and is far
more laborious to pick and to collect.
It is the peel, participle, masculine,
singular.
Of the fruit
on the stems, off of the main branch,
appearing out of a torrent of floodwaters,
moving as a stream from one place to
another, all in linear fashion.
Shabolim again,
of first fruits as a flowing stream of
growing grain.
In the profound depths of Raphaim,
where the sick will be healed and the
defective will be restored,
while the feeble falter and the souls of
the dead remain.
Emek Raphaim.
Yes, Isaiah, Isaiah,
we're just going to touch on some of
these themes as we go.
And I'm going to return to this same
passage as we commence an entirely new
show on returning to the garden.
I trust just on this.
You might say, well,
how is this returning the garden?
We're going to heaven here.
So, well, because.
Those who are part of this Shabuwah
harvest,
don't get yourself all up in a frenzy
saying, wow, I'm going to have a vacation.
This is going to be really cool.
Going to heaven,
going to explore the earth.
No, no,
that's not the purpose of this harvest.
The purpose of this harvest is to take
God's family away,
these covenant members away from this
terribly vexing time of trouble so that.
it becomes a, what you call it,
a working vacation.
It becomes a time, yes, we can recharge,
but this is a time for us to
use every moment that we can to learn
as much as we can,
to be able to convey Yahowah's purpose,
his intent, his message.
And therefore, when we return,
achieve what needs to be accomplished.
We are going to be the most dedicated
and devoted workers ever.
of what transpires afterwards,
not only during the last three and a
half years prior to the end of Israel's
troubles,
but through the thousand years of our
return to the garden.
So we are literally being equipped and
prepared such that we can be the educators
and the proper example and those who are
devoted to sharing the fruit of the tree
of knowledge
during the millennial celebration of
Sukkah,
so that this mortal remnant of Yisrael
listens, becomes observant, engages,
and shows that they are capable of earning
Yahowah's trust.
That's our job.
So we are being withdrawn to do that
job, to be equipped to do that job.
Now,
I'm trying the best I can to equip
us to do that job now.
But imagine you're not listening to Yana
instruct you on how to do that job,
but you're listening to Yahowah teach you how
to do that job.
Pretty cool.
As I say,
it bears repeating here that there will be
two end gatherings during the time of
trouble, one at the beginning,
the other at the end,
with the first more prolific and of wheat
and the other of olives and leaner.
The Qatsyr harvester will be asaf,
collecting and assembling this end
gathering, receiving, removing,
and escorting.
They come off the standing grain,
which has become established upright on
the stalk and remaining in the field,
thus engaged and fully mature.
The beneficiaries of this harvest will be
kum, ready to rise and to be empowered.
They will persist to fulfill their
calling,
which is to work alongside the Qatsyr and
the Lakot, as well as the final Zarowa,
on behalf of Yahowah, Goyim, Yisrael,
and in the direct line of authority of
our King, God.
Now, seven years thereafter,
this same individual will serve as a Lakot
reaper over a smaller,
more challenging and final gleaning.
But this time he will not be Asaph
escorting those he has gleaned.
He is remaining behind to serve the
remaining remnant of Yisrael.
So once the so-called Palestinian state
has been established,
the Shabuwah harvest will be eminent.
whether that is on six, twenty two,
twenty six or seven, eleven, twenty seven.
The final Zarowa,
the one cultivating the seeds sown for the
harvest to be fruitful and productive.
Will Qatsyr reap this harvest from the
field?
The Asaf in gathering will be conducted
with unfolding implications,
even as the opportunity is cut short
during due to this really anguishing
nature of this time.
Those enjoying the voyage of a lifetime
will witness Shebolim, first fruits,
flowing as a stream of grain.
Six to seven years thereafter,
with considerable additional effort,
the olive representing Israel will be
ready to glean.
This will transpire on Taruwah,
Friday evening,
the twenty-third in year six thousand YAH.
The Qatsyr will
still be contributing as a Zarowa.
He will serve as the embodiment of the
Lakot,
the one who gleans the final smaller and
more challenging ingathering,
which is to be removed.
And since this is an olive harvest rather
than grain,
the Shebolim will be first fruit off the
stems of the main branch.
These souls, leaving earth for heaven,
will appear as a torrent of floodwaters,
moving as a stream from one place to
another.
This is an ode to what will transpire
the following morning when an upwelling of
subterranean waters is released from
beneath the Temple Mount during the
funeral pyre, if you will,
of the Adam of Paran.
The...
uplifting and burnt offering of the anima
pearl so this is particularly relevant to
note that while Zarowa is a feminine title
as I've shared with you the three
individuals who bear it are all men this
is why the verb following the title was
presented in the third person masculine
singular this realization will become
relevant again as we move into the next
statement where the same phenomenon
applies
Also interesting,
in the fifty-third chapter of Yasha'yah,
which is pursuant to Dowd serving as the
sacrificial lamb,
the prophetic witness is introduced by
readers, two readers,
and they're asked if they know the person
who was able to deduce the identity of
the Zarowa,
making it an especially relevant
designation.
because the final Zarowa was the first to
identify them.
Now,
the valley of Rephraim that comes at the
end of this statement is actually in
Jerusalem.
It's immediately adjacent to the southern
ridgeline of Mount Moriah,
and this places it just below the city
of Dowd.
However,
I suspect that it's the meaning behind the
name that caused the prophet to mention it
during this sequence of events.
So as a result of what follows,
many will be Raphaim.
They're gonna be healed and restored even
as the religious and political die.
So when we consider
all of this and conclude our review of
Yasha'yah Isaiah,
I'm going to turn to the fifty-sixth and
the fifty-seventh chapters of Isaiah,
as I had promised,
so that I can assure you that Yahowah
is speaking of harvesting souls and only
using grain and olives as metaphors.
Just like the Adamah Parah is not a
heifer.
But for now,
let's stay focused on what is among the
most revealing prophetic portrayals of our
day.
This is, I think,
foundational to where we are and what lies
before us.
I look at this as the pivot point,
the fulcrum of where we go from here
to there.
It is so essential.
that we understand Yasha'yah,
because it's the place it is all laid
out for us and the order of events
is presented.
So Yasha'yah's insights are bringing us to a
place that few could have imagined,
even though his treaties on tomorrow has
been available all bit largely unnoticed
for twenty seven centuries.
So we'll return to this place when we
come back to this library studio tomorrow
and consider everything that we can glean
from this marvelous and exciting time.
I thank you for listening.